>> Brian Holt: Cuz I want you to go into
your portfolios that you engine built, and
add something interactive.
Something you can add a swipe or
gallery of images,
you can go write your own
image gallery like we did,
you can go add some sort of thing we did
up here with dragging the puppy around.
>> Brian Holt: That is up to you.
But
I wanna see what kind of
creative stuff you come up with.
So I'm just gonna show you that,
this doesn't necessarily
even have to be an emoji.
So I dropped an image in there as well,
that we can really quick.
>> Brian Holt: So if you have some sort of
lpersonal image or something like that,
that you like,
instead of having a puppy here,
I'm gonna put an image and
class equals brand alt equals logo,
and source equals .slash images slash and
there's a bH KPMG in there, as well.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then here's I'll save that, and
I'm gonna go in here to the gala or
styles .CSS,
and here I'm gonna add
just a couple more things,
background color white.
Border radius, 50%, width,
75 pixels, height, 75 pixels,
border, one pixel solid, something 777.
Nice gray color.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so now if I come back
over here, hopefully, if I refresh that,
you can see here,
that actually put my image up there and
it's still drag and drop.
All right?
So
that doesn't actually matter what that is.
You can put whatever
you want them to there.
>> Brian Holt: And now that actually
looks more like a portfolio,
rather than just somewhat
obsessed with docs.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Which is true, but
now I don't want to be
that upfront about that.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about that?
So anything can be draggable.
Right, any sort of HTML element
that you feel putting up there.
You could make that drag-able and
drop-able.
So hopefully you got
your ideas flowing for
what sort of things you
wanna put onto your website.